Docs: Clarify meaning of `external_enabled = true` for azurerm_container_app ingress (#23360)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/container_app.html.markdown

* `fqdn` -  The FQDN of the ingress.

> * `external_enabled` - (Optional) Is this an external Ingress? If `internalOnly` is true in the Container Apps Environment, external ingress is limited to the VNet.

Reviewer: We need to be clear that this just means exposing connectivity to the container via this ingress outside the Container App Environment, so I think this should read:
```suggestion
* `external_enabled` - (Optional) Are connections to this Ingress from outside the Container App Environment enabled? Defaults to `false`.
```

Author: I'm happy with that, LGTM :)
